c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\Twitcher WPF.exe.config
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\Twitcher WPF.exe
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\Twitcher WPF.pdb
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher WPF.g.resources
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher WPF.exe
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher WPF.pdb
c:\users\bloemacherja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\BloemacherJa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitcher WPF\Twitcher WPF\obj\Debug\Twitcher_WPF.Colors.resources
